Paper Session 1: Beyond Accuracy
1.Recommendations with a Purpose: 提出用户和销售方的目的存在矛盾，提出了一个推荐系统设计的框架，提出了一些推荐系统中存在的主要问题，呼吁搞清楚推荐系统的目的

2.Recommender Systems for Self-Actualization：This paper has unpacked the filter bubble critique of recommender systems, and proposed a new path for research: to support rather than replace human decision-making.

3.A Coverage-Based Approach to Recommendation Diversity On Similarity Graph：This paper focus on how to achieve high relevance and diversity by only coverage(need more thought)

4.A Scalable Approach for Periodical Personalized Recommendations：They provide a new contextual bandits strategy for personalized recommendation. By using online learning, feature hashing and learning reductions, the model can handle unbounded streaming data and take advantage of existing state-of-art.

5:Multi-Word Generative Query Recommendation Using Topic Modeling；Their model improves diversity and has some room for improving relevance,yet offers an interesting avenue for query recommendation

6.Contrasting Offline and Online Results when Evaluating Recommendation Algorithms：This paper presents empirical evidence that the ranking of algorithms based on offline accuracy measurements clearly contradicts the results from the online study with the same set of users.

7.Adaptive, Personalized Diversity for Visual Discovery：Amazon's visual rec platform aimed to solve problems when users' intent is not explicit

8.Intent-Aware Diversification Using a Constrained PLSA：Research presented here aimed to explore aspect models for the intent-aware diversification framework. Also, it models users and items aspects more accurately than the explicit aspect co-occurrence counting approach

Paper Session 2:  Algorithms I	
1.Query-based Music Recommendations via Preference Embedding：采用了一种新的基于推测用户意图的推荐系统，效果比较好（数学原理很简单）

2.Local Item-Item Models For Top-N Recommendation：提出了一种新的top-n模型，提高17%，best paper

3.Field-aware Factorization Machines for CTR Prediction： in this paper we establish FFMs as an effective method for classifying large sparse data including those from CTR prediction

4.Learning Hierarchical Feature Influence for Recommendation by Recursive Regularization:本文提出了一种新的矩阵分解框架，通过递归正则化方法ReMF，它模型化并学习了层次结构的特征对用户项交互的影响，从而提高了推荐的准确性。

5.Factorization Meets the Item Embedding: Regularizing Matrix Factorization with Item Co-occurrence：一种提升MF模型的方法和特定情况

6.Asynchronous Distributed Matrix Factorization with Similar User and Item Based Regularization：提出了一种异步分发控制的矩阵分解方法，比同步的要快的多

Paper Session 3:  Cold Start and Hybrid Methods
1.Joint User Modeling across Aligned Heterogeneous Sites：引入不同网站的信息解决cold-start问题

2.Fifty Shades of Ratings: How to Benefit from a Negative Feedback in Top-N Recommendations Tasks：不喜欢的反馈同样很重要，在音乐推荐中使用了吗？（Pandora spotify有dislike button,没有调查清楚），很好的解决了cold start问题

3.Latent Factor Representations for Cold-Start Video Recommendation：如何解决cold start问题，更好的emotion（用户的）建模，很有用

4.Ask the GRU: Multi-task Learning for Deep Text Recommendations：神经网络，通过文本分析解决冷启动问题，使文本推荐的效果变得更好

5.Addressing Cold Start for Next-song Recommendation：在cold+warm start问题上都有很好表现的music recommendation(隐形的数据集是怎么判断用户是否喜欢的呢)

6.Accuracy and Diversity in Cross-domain Recommendations for Cold-start Users with Positive-only Feedback：把用户一个领域中的喜好运用到另外一个领域中去，从而解决冷启动问题

Paper Session 4:  User in the loop
3.Gaze Prediction for Recommender Systems：注视信息用于推荐。。。。。

4.Exploring the Value of Personality in Predicting Rating Behaviors: A Study of Category Preferences on MovieLens不同性格的人在推荐系统里的表现不同。。。。。。

7.ExpLOD: A Framework for Explaining Recommendations based on the Linked Open Data Cloud：对推荐行为的解释

Paper Session 5: Trust and Reliability
1.Mood-Sensitive Truth Discovery For Reliable Recommendation Systems in Social Sensing：通过预测用户对推荐的心情来优化社交推荐

2.Crowd-Based Personalized Natural Language Explanations for Recommendations：对推荐原因的自然语言解释更为有效

3.Mechanism Design for Personalized Recommender Systems：安全！不懂

Paper Session 6: Applications
1.Domain-Aware Grade Prediction and Top-n Course Recommendation：课程推荐

2.Deep Neural Networks for YouTube Recommendations：youtube自己团队做的神经网络推荐系统

3.Optimizing Similar Item Recommendations in a Semi-structured Marketplace to Maximize Conversion：ebay做的针对相似物品的最优化推荐

4.A Package Recommendation Framework for Trip Planning Activities：一种推荐旅行地点的推荐系统

Paper Session 7: Past, Present & Future
1.Recommender Systems with Personality：未来的推荐系统应该是怎样的

2.Past, Present, and Future of Recommender Systems: An Industry Perspective：当前的推荐往往在意diversity，novelty，popularity，但是很多用户注意不到这些东西，要做到personalised，就要注意到不同国家和用户的特点，推荐系统的整个交互范式可以被个性化，在不同的推荐系统中占最大权值的value值不同
主要关注：优化最佳推荐页面+个性化推荐+隐性反馈+不同权值的推荐

3.Algorithms Aside: Recommendation As The Lens Of Life：玄学！推荐系统应该推荐那些真正好的东西，让我们用户的生活变得更好。？？那谁来让我们的生活变得更好

Paper Session 8:Deep Learning
1.Meta-Prod2Vec – Product Embeddings Using Side-Information for Recommendation：一种使用已有元数据来计算物品相似度的方法，想来也就是加强了cf的效果，效果好

2.Convolutional Matrix Factorization for Document Context-Aware Recommendation：利用卷积矩阵分解方法构建了一个新的基于上下文的文本推荐系统，提高了评分的准确性

3.Parallel Recurrent Neural Network Architectures for Feature-rich Session-based Recommendations：rnn神经网络训练出来的模型比那些特征较少的基于会话的模型好

Paper Session 9:
1.The Contextual Turn: from Context-Aware to Context-Driven Recommender Systems：

2.Discovering What You’re Known For: A Contextual Poisson Factorization Approach：更好的探究人们在社交网络中为什么出名，效果更好

3.TAPER: A Contextual Tensor-Based Approach for Personalized Expert Recommendation：基于上下文信息构建了一个个性化的社交推荐系统，又是好效果

4.Are You Influenced by Others When Rating? Improve Rating Prediction by Conformity Modeling：一致性，不赞同

5.Modelling Contextual Information in Session-Aware Recommender Systems with Neural Networks：

6.Getting the Timing Right: Leveraging Category Inter-purchase Times to Improve Recommender Systems：商品推荐的时间十分重要，真的吗？保持疑问

7.MAPS: A Multi Aspect Personalized POI Recommender System：根据用户的地点信息来精确推荐

Paper Session 10:
1.Recommending New Items to Ephemeral Groups Using Contextual User Influence：群体推荐，利用团队中人的共同爱好来找寻共同推荐

2.Guided Walk: A Scalable Recommendation Algorithm for Complex Heterogeneous Social Networks：？？？？？

3.STAR: Semiring Trust Inference for Trust-Aware Social Recommenders：

4.Vista: A Visually, Socially, and Temporally-aware Model for Artistic Recommendation：

5.Representation Learning for Homophilic Preferences：

Paper Session 11：
1.Personalized Recommendations using Knowledge Graphs: A Probabilistic Logic Programming Approach：增强图算法，在数据稀疏的情况下非常好，因此对cold start问题可能有效

2.Efficient Bayesian Methods for Graph-based Recommendation：更好的图算法

3.Using Navigation to Improve Recommendations in Real-Time：得到用户实时的意图从而更好的实时推荐

4.Bayesian Low-Rank Determinantal Point Processes：再次购买的频率估计？？

5.Recommending Repeat Purchases using Product Segment Statistics

6.Bayesian Personalized Ranking with Multi-Channel User Feedback：通过建立一套不同等级的反馈信息机制建立ranking system

